build: add lint rule to enforce functions are moved to outermost scopes (#8006)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/_tools/eslint/rules/no-unnecessary-nested-functions/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# no-unnecessary-nested-functions

> [ESLint rule][eslint-rules] to prevent unnecessary function nesting when inner functions don't depend on outer scope variables.

<section class="intro">

> This rule enforces a convention in stdlib to only have functions defined inside of other functions if they need access to variables defined in the outer function scope. Otherwise, functions should always be elevated to the highest level (ideally module scope) to avoid redefining the functions per invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule enforces a best practice to only have functions defined inside of other functions if they need access to variables defined in the outer function scope. Otherwise, functions should always be elevated to the highest level (ideally module scope) to avoid redefining the functions per invocation.
```

Reviewer: This isn't merely a stdlib convention; this is best practice. You can significantly degrade performance, especially in hot loops, if you are constantly creating new scopes on the stack.
